Who am I there people believe that this
world is fairing it
there's all the lollipops and rainbows
we don't do lollipops and rainbow we
know those are pretty colors such as
hard what the world really is black and
white soon they'll shout save us
we convince ourselves that they were
gone but they were just hibernating the
game for everybody all please
coordinated simultaneous attacks at the
homes of Tulsa PD so the cops hide their
faces and now the bad guys don't know
where they live and who doesn't want a
secret identity
[Applause]
people who wear masks are dangerous we
should be scared of them because they're
hiding something
Laurie Blake FBI you know how you could
tell the difference between a masked cop
and a vigilante no me neither
near the vast and insidious conspiracy
at play
Tashia pirates poem
[Music]
are you maybe yeah dr. Menon
he lives on [ __ ] Mars curse too much
[Music]
oh [ __ ]
nothing
I only just forgot
[Music]
you